30335 enable has (#30456)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/121/index.md

### CSS

> - The {{cssxref(":has", ":has()")}} selector, commonly referred to as the _parent selector_, is now supported. It allows developers to match elements that have, or "anchor", at least one element matching its relative selector.

Reviewer: While technically correct, I think the explanation might be improved a bit to make it more approachable and show some examples:

```suggestion
- The {{cssxref(":has", ":has()")}} selector, commonly referred to as the _parent selector_, is now supported. It allows developers to apply styles to an element based on related elements, e.g. `ul:has(li)` will match a list with items, or `h1:has(+ p)` will match a heading with a paragraph right next to it.
```

What do you think? :)

Author: I have updated this to use an alternative list example and make the Next-sibling combinator clearer
